Patrick Ester
ATEC 6332
11 September 2014

Idea 1
I would like to redesign the Mozilla Podcasts app for FireFox OS. While Mozilla is going for the bottom part of the market with their phones, their applications need not look so bad. Plenty of pressure on price will come in the form of Lumia 500 series and Google's new Android One program. Price alone is not enough to differentiate their devices. Current design meets the bare minimum of features of a podcast client. However, things like a scrubber, playlist creation, or seeing a short description of a podcast before subscribing are absent. If Mozilla wants to provide a modern smart phone experience without the associated costs of a highend device, they need to pay greater attention to the details of apps that bare their name. FireFox OS has yet to reach version 2.0 with only a limited set of hardware available for public consumption. It is a young product in its introduction phase. Polishing an important app could be one of the many factors that lead to success in all important growth phase.

Idea 2
I would like to redesign the packaging for the coffee bags delivered to coffee subscribers from Oak Cliff Coffee Roasters. Packaging in the store has the company's name in big block letters. This is uninspired, but at least gives you an idea as to who roasted that coffee.  Home coffee deliveries, however, are similar in that the coffee comes in a paper bag, but that bag is placed in a burlap sack. The bag with the actual beans has a stick describing the origin and flavor profile, but little else. Brand identity is confined to the burlap sack, which has the same block lettering but in a different color. The sacks are not for customers to keep. They empty ones are swapped out for full burlap sacks when a new delivery arrives. For me, the sack sits on a table near the front door. Nobody looks at it. There needs to be a logo on the desired product, the coffee. Oak Cliff Coffee Roasters started in 2008 at somebody's house. Just over a year ago, the company opened store for the public. This company is in its growth phase, and having a more identifiable logo could be beneficial.

Idea 3
I would like to redesign the logo for the US Mondioring Association (www.usmondioring.org). First, the logo makes an odd use of color. The eye is drawn to the streamers, but the dog is the most important part of the sport. Moreover, the outline of the helper (person in the bite suit) is bigger than the dog. While the bite work portion of the sport is the most fun to watch, the emphasis should be on the dog. There is no movement for the dog. Afterall, this is a sport. The dog is most always in motion, and yet the logo shows the dog in the midst of the object guard, an activity with some of the least amount of movement. The US Mondioring website is lacking in its history. I have been training with people who have practiced mondioring  for over ten years. As compared to other protection sports, Mondioring is oft overlooked. So given this unofficial history, Mondioring is probably in its maturity phase.